If you have a mate, slow dance for 15 sec. If not drink and spin again
Choose a mate, before you drink get close to your mate and say "drink puppy/kitten"
Choose a mate, before you drink do some silly dance moves together
Choose a mate, before you drink do a secret handshake
Choose a mate, pick silly nicknames for each other
Choose a mate
"Cuck" Choose a pair of mates and watch them drink 2
The group judges how heretical your avatar is, decide on 0-10 drink scale
Just shut up for a turn or drink 5
Sit beside someone and don’t break eye contact for 5 seconds → both sip
Say “you’re trouble” to someone → both drink.
Compliment someone’s avatar → they drink.
Give someone a virtual hug → both sip.
Pose like a model → give out if success, drink if fail
If you have a mate do a "breakup speech", you don't have a mate anymore. Otherwise drink and spin again
Sit uncomfortably close to someone → both drink.
Lean toward someone slowly → both drink.
Tallest and shortest have 1 drink together
Someone picks your status and you drink
You are the king now. If someone says "long live the king", you drink for 1 turn
Drink 1 for every hour you’ve been on
Everyone drinks 2 except you
Take 2 if you have been to a VRC Wedding
Drink 1 if you’ve ever broken a phone
"Mommy/daddy problems" if someone makes you drink say "thanks mommy/daddy" 2 turns
Buddyshot
Buddyshot
Drink and spin again
Drink and spin again
Take a shot
Take a shot
Take a shot
Gift a shot
Gift a shot
Gift a shot
Gift 1 and spin again
Gift 1 and spin again
Drink 3 if you are in full-body
Say "This is fine" and drink 5
Drink 3 if you have used a VR dating app
Gift 3 to someone clearly tipsy, if none spin again
Drink 2 if you’ve ever fallen asleep in a public world
Make a rule
Make a rule
Destroy a rule and drink 1 for the victory
The person across from you drink 3 with you
Share your most unusual drink mix you have done and drink 1
Take 1 for every tracking point you are using at the moment
Tell a random fact to your right, if they know you drink 2, if not they drink 2
"Wench" The person with the least clothes drinks the amount of clothes they are wearing
Longest username drinks 2
Drink 1 for every spin until your next turn
Everyone not wearing headwear drinks 1
If no mate, flirt/win over someone with a mate. Swap mate to you
Drink 5 if you are Patreon/VIP in any VRC world
Rock-paper-scissors duel, loser drinks 2
Rock-paper-scissors duel, loser drinks 2
Whats your weirdest vrchat experience? Otherwise drink 1
What’s the weirdest food combination you actually like? If Approved gift 3 otherwise drink 3
What’s a movie or show you can quote way too much? If none drink 1 if you have gift 1
What hobby do you wish you had more time for? If none drink 1 if you have gift 1
Do 10 push-ups (or a silly dance)
"Groupvote" Most likely to cry during a movie? They drink 1
"Groupvote" Who is the biggest flirt?
"Groupvote" Who is the most innocent?
Sing for 5 seconds, If success gift 5, if not drink 2
If you have been on VRC for more than 12h drink 3
Give 5 to the least drunk person
Drink 2 if you’ve met someone from VRC IRL
Pick two buddies you all drink 3
Groupshot
Groupshot
Groupshot
Groupshot 2x
Groupshot 2x
Female Avatars Drink
Male Avatars Drink
Hydrationstation, drink some water
Anyone born in the same season as you drink 2
Throw dice, drink the number
Throw dice, drink the number
Throw dice, gift the number
Throw dice, gift the number
Slow turn to the person on your left and drink 1 with them
Dab the person on your right up and drink 1 with them
Say a Jojo stand, the first one to not say one or the same as another, drinks 2
"Give us your best Godzilla roar" or drink 3
